Homework 4 - Objects, Object Model, Miscellaneous jQuery 
Create a web page with the heading CNIT 133 Homework 4 - Objects, Object Model, Miscellaneous jQuery. 

The contents of this page should be a list of links referring to Parts 1-4 discussed below. Label the links, Part1, Part2, Part3, and Part4. Include a short description for each part in each part's page.

Part 4: 
Write a script that displays a top navigation bar containing a link to your Homework 1 and five other links that will be to the cover page for each of your Homework2 - Homework6. When you mouseover on any of these other links then display a drop-down menu that contains the links of their homework parts (part 1, part 2, etc.). If applicable then also include links to any extra credit pages that you have done. Make sure that all links are working. You can use strictly JavaScript or else jQuery - using CSS only will not be acceptable. You can check this example here - https://www.w3schools.com/code/tryit.asp?filename=GA63VBI6EO1Q

To submit your homework:

1. Once you upload your Homework 4 pages to the Hills server, make sure you can view the pages in a web browser.
2. Make sure you update the link of your Homework 1 page that refers to the Homework 4 and then you should highlight the URL of your main CNIT 133 page (Homework 1), copy it and paste in the box provided to submit your work
3. Click the "Submit assignment" button to submit your assignment.

I should be able to open your Homework 1 page, click on Homework 4 link and see the main page of your Homework 4 with links to the parts requested.

Checklist for grading:

1. All your pages open in the browser with no errors of NOT FOUND or FORBIDDEN - 1 point
2. The HTML and CSS of all your pages are valid - 2 points
3. The script of all the pages are working according to what was requested and with the validations requested - 20 points (5 points for each)
4. The user interface/user experience is appropriate and error messages are not showing when the right output is being shown and/or the output is not being shown when there is an error in the expected value to be typed by the user - 2 points